Rename to Draupnir in Appropriate Places (#591)
the-draupnir-project/Draupnir: CHANGELOG.md

<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Gnuxie <Gnuxie@protonmail.com>

SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
-->

# Changelog

All notable changes to Draupnir will be kept in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [Unreleased] - 2024-10-04

Reviewer: @FSG-Cat  you didn't write anything

### Versions v2.0.0-beta.7 and prior

Entrypoint was renamed from `mjolnir-entrypoint.sh` to `draupnir-entrypoint.sh`

> `mjolnir-registration.yaml` was renamed to `draupnir-registration.yaml` this change should not have any end user impact.

Reviewer: You should have wrote this in the unreleased part

> ## [Unreleased] - 2024-10-04
> 
> ### Versions v2.0.0-beta.7 and prior
> 
> Entrypoint was renamed from `mjolnir-entrypoint.sh` to `draupnir-entrypoint.sh`
> 
> `mjolnir-registration.yaml` was renamed to `draupnir-registration.yaml` this change should not have any end user impact.
> 
> Please see [Releases](https://github.com/the-draupnir-project/Draupnir/releases) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased] - 2024-10-04

### Changed

* `Dockerfile`: entry-point was renamed from `mjolnir-entrypoint.sh` to `draupnir-entrypoint.sh`. If you have built a Dockerfile based on ours, you may need to make some changes.

* `Dockerfile`: source code was moved from `/mjolnir` to `/draupnir`. If you have built a custom docker image based on our Dockerfile based on ours, you may need to make some changes.

* The appservice registration file generator no longer emits `mjolnir-registration.yaml` as it has been renamed to `draupnir-registration.yaml`. This is only a concern if you have automated tooling that generates a registration file.

## Versions v2.0.0-beta.7 and prior

Please see https://github.com/the-draupnir-project/Draupnir/releases for more information.
```
